update the CMS TODO section (#1661)
concord-consortium/collaborative-learning: docs/cms.md

# TODO

## Image tiles cause changes
we should look at what the image tile is changing in the export. Perhaps we can fix the export to be more consistent. My guess is it will have something to do with the size bouncing around on load. I think that will be hard to fix, but we should document it to see if Leslie wants to prioritize it.
https://www.pivotaltracker.com/story/show/184824215

## Try to hide the unit content.json files
They currently show up on the right side when traversing the CMS tree on the left. I think they could be hidden using some of the filter properties.

## CLUE section editor scrolling
The CLUE editor widget should expand its height like the CMS's rich text editor widget. This way the CLUE content won't have an extra scrollbar.

## Unit editing

> It would be helpful of the unit configuration could be edited in the CMS. Perhaps just as raw JSON. However when we tackle supporting the addition of new sections, problems, and investigations we will need more than just raw JSON editing. We could switch to a folder based approach for defining the parts of the units, but that might not solve all of the problems. This needs some researcher to trying to figure out the most efficient way to support this editing while using the CMS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It would be helpful if the unit configuration could be edited in the CMS. Perhaps just as raw JSON. However when we tackle supporting the addition of new sections, problems, and investigations we will need more than just raw JSON editing. We could switch to a folder based approach for defining the parts of the units, but that might not solve all of the problems. This needs some research to figure out the most efficient way to support this editing while using the CMS.
```
